_Modified from Bitwarden Inc. Contributor Agreement (Version: 2020-05-09)_

# Transform Data Inc. Contributor Agreement

This Transform Data Inc. Contributor Agreement ("Agreement") applies to any Contribution you make or have made to any Work. This is a binding legal agreement on you and any organization you represent. If you are signing this Agreement on behalf of your employer or other organization, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to agree to this Agreement on behalf of the organization.



1. **Definitions.**
    1. "Transform.", "we", "us", or "our" means Transform Data Inc.
    2. "Contribution" means any original work, including any modification of or addition to an existing work, that you submit to Transform in any manner for inclusion in any Work.
    3. "Work" means any project, work, or materials owned or managed by Transform.
    4. "you" or "your" means you and any organization on whose behalf you are entering into this Agreement.
2. **Copyright Assignment, License, Waiver.**
    5. **Assignment.** By submitting a Contribution, you assign to Transform all right, title, and interest in any copyright in the Contribution and you waive any rights, including any moral rights or database rights, that may affect our ownership of the copyright in the Contribution.
    6. **License to Transform.** If your assignment in Section 2.1 is ineffective for any reason, you grant to us and to any recipient of any Work distributed by us, a perpetual, worldwide, transferable, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable, and sublicensable license to use, reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Contributions and any derivative work created based on a Contribution. If your license grant is ineffective for any reason, you irrevocably waive and covenant to not assert any claim you may have against us, our successors in interest, and any of our direct or indirect licensees and customers, arising out of our, our successors in interests', or any of our direct or indirect licensees' or customers' use reproduction, preparation of derivative works, public display, public performance, sublicense, and distribution of a Contribution. You also agree that we may publicly use your name and the name of any organization on whose behalf you are entering into this Agreement in connection with publicizing the Work.
    7. **License to You.** We grant to you a perpetual, worldwide, transferable, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable, and sublicensable license to use, reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute a Contribution and any derivative works you create based on a Contribution.
3. **Patent License.** You grant to us and to any recipient of any Work distributed by us, a perpetual, worldwide, transferable, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable, and sublicensable patent license to make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Contribution in whole or in part, alone or included in any Work, under any patent you own or license from a third party that is necessarily infringed by the Contribution or by combination of the Contribution with any Work.
4. **Your Representations and Warranties.** By submitting a Contribution, you represent and warrant that (a) each Contribution you submit is an original work and you can legally grant the rights set out in this Agreement; (b) the Contribution does not, and any exercise of the rights granted by you will not, infringe any third party's intellectual property or other right; and (c) you are not aware of any claims, suits, or actions pertaining to the Contribution. You will notify us immediately if you become aware or have reason to believe that any of your representations and warranties is or becomes inaccurate.
5. **Intellectual Property.** Except for the assignment and licenses set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement does not transfer any right, title or interest in any intellectual property right of either party to the other. If you choose to provide us with suggestions, ideas for improvement, recommendations, or other feedback on any Work, we may use your feedback without restriction or payment.
6. **Miscellaneous.** California law governs this Agreement, excluding any applicable conflict of law rules or principles. This Agreement does not create any partnership, agency relationship, or joint venture between the parties. We may assign this Agreement without notice or restriction. If any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, that provision will be modified to render it enforceable to the extent possible to effect the parties' intention and the remaining provisions will not be affected. The parties may amend this Agreement only in a written amendment signed by both parties. This Agreement comprises the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.

This Agreement is effective as of the date of your first Contribution.

Agreement accepted on my behalf and on behalf of my organization.
