test_name: test_linkable_elements_for_measure
test_filename: test_semantic_model_container.py
docstring:
  Tests extracting linkable elements for a given measure input.
---
Dunder Name                                                                     Metric-Subquery Entity-Links    Type            Properties                            Derived-From Semantic Models
------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------  --------------  ------------------------------------  --------------------------------------------
listing                                                                                                         ENTITY          ENTITY,LOCAL                          listings_latest
listing__active_listings                                                        listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
listing__approximate_continuous_booking_value_p99                               listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__approximate_discrete_booking_value_p99                                 listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__average_booking_value                                                  listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__average_instant_booking_value                                          listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__bookers                                                                listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__approximate_continuous_booking_value_p99             booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__approximate_discrete_booking_value_p99               booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__average_booking_value                                booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__average_instant_booking_value                        booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__bookers                                              booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__booking_fees                                         booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__booking_fees_per_booker                              booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__booking_payments                                     booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__booking_value                                        booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__booking_value_for_non_null_listing_id                booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__booking_value_p99                                    booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__booking_value_sub_instant                            booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__booking_value_sub_instant_add_10                     booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__bookings                                             booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__bookings_all_time                                    booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__bookings_fill_nulls_with_0                           booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__bookings_fill_nulls_with_0_without_time_spine        booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__bookings_join_to_time_spine                          booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__bookings_join_to_time_spine_with_tiered_filters      booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__bookings_per_booker                                  booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__bookings_per_dollar                                  booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__derived_bookings_0                                   booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__derived_bookings_1                                   booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__derived_shared_alias_1a                              booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__derived_shared_alias_1b                              booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__derived_shared_alias_2                               booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__discrete_booking_value_p99                           booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__double_counted_delayed_bookings                      booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__instant_booking_fraction_of_max_value                booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__instant_booking_value                                booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__instant_booking_value_ratio                          booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__instant_bookings                                     booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__instant_bookings_with_measure_filter                 booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__instant_lux_booking_value_rate                       booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__instant_plus_non_referred_bookings_pct               booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__lux_booking_fraction_of_max_value                    booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__lux_booking_value_rate_expr                          booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__max_booking_value                                    booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__median_booking_value                                 booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__min_booking_value                                    booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__nested_fill_nulls_without_time_spine                 booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__non_referred_bookings_pct                            booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__referred_bookings                                    booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking__listing__twice_bookings_fill_nulls_with_0_without_time_spine  booking,listing                 METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking_fees                                                           listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking_fees_per_booker                                                listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking_payments                                                       listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking_value                                                          listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking_value_for_non_null_listing_id                                  listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking_value_p99                                                      listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking_value_per_view                                                 listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest,views_source
listing__booking_value_sub_instant                                              listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__booking_value_sub_instant_add_10                                       listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__bookings                                                               listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__bookings_all_time                                                      listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__bookings_fill_nulls_with_0                                             listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__bookings_fill_nulls_with_0_without_time_spine                          listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__bookings_join_to_time_spine                                            listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__bookings_join_to_time_spine_with_tiered_filters                        listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__bookings_per_booker                                                    listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__bookings_per_dollar                                                    listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__bookings_per_listing                                                   listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__bookings_per_lux_listing_derived                                       listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__bookings_per_view                                                      listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest,views_source
listing__capacity_latest                                                                                        DIMENSION       LOCAL                                 listings_latest
listing__country_latest                                                                                         DIMENSION       LOCAL                                 listings_latest
listing__created_at__alien_day                                                                                  TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,LOCAL        listings_latest
listing__created_at__day                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  LOCAL                                 listings_latest
listing__created_at__extract_day                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,LOCAL                       listings_latest
listing__created_at__extract_dow                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,LOCAL                       listings_latest
listing__created_at__extract_doy                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,LOCAL                       listings_latest
listing__created_at__extract_month                                                                              TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,LOCAL                       listings_latest
listing__created_at__extract_quarter                                                                            TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,LOCAL                       listings_latest
listing__created_at__extract_year                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,LOCAL                       listings_latest
listing__created_at__month                                                                                      TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,LOCAL        listings_latest
listing__created_at__quarter                                                                                    TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,LOCAL        listings_latest
listing__created_at__week                                                                                       TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,LOCAL        listings_latest
listing__created_at__year                                                                                       TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,LOCAL        listings_latest
listing__derived_bookings_0                                                     listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__derived_bookings_1                                                     listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__derived_shared_alias_1a                                                listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__derived_shared_alias_1b                                                listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__derived_shared_alias_2                                                 listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__discrete_booking_value_p99                                             listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__double_counted_delayed_bookings                                        listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__ds__alien_day                                                                                          TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,LOCAL        listings_latest
listing__ds__day                                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  LOCAL                                 listings_latest
listing__ds__extract_day                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,LOCAL                       listings_latest
listing__ds__extract_dow                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,LOCAL                       listings_latest
listing__ds__extract_doy                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,LOCAL                       listings_latest
listing__ds__extract_month                                                                                      TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,LOCAL                       listings_latest
listing__ds__extract_quarter                                                                                    TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,LOCAL                       listings_latest
listing__ds__extract_year                                                                                       TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,LOCAL                       listings_latest
listing__ds__month                                                                                              TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,LOCAL        listings_latest
listing__ds__quarter                                                                                            TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,LOCAL        listings_latest
listing__ds__week                                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,LOCAL        listings_latest
listing__ds__year                                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,LOCAL        listings_latest
listing__instant_booking_fraction_of_max_value                                  listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__instant_booking_value                                                  listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__instant_booking_value_ratio                                            listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__instant_bookings                                                       listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__instant_bookings_with_measure_filter                                   listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__instant_lux_booking_value_rate                                         listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__instant_plus_non_referred_bookings_pct                                 listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__is_lux_latest                                                                                          DIMENSION       LOCAL                                 listings_latest
listing__largest_listing                                                        listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
listing__listings                                                               listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
listing__lux_booking_fraction_of_max_value                                      listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__lux_booking_value_rate_expr                                            listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__lux_listing                                                                                            ENTITY          ENTITY,JOINED                         listings_latest,lux_listing_mapping
listing__lux_listings                                                           listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
listing__max_booking_value                                                      listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__median_booking_value                                                   listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__min_booking_value                                                      listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__nested_fill_nulls_without_time_spine                                   listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__non_referred_bookings_pct                                              listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__popular_listing_bookings_per_booker                                    listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
listing__referred_bookings                                                      listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__smallest_listing                                                       listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
listing__twice_bookings_fill_nulls_with_0_without_time_spine                    listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
listing__user                                                                                                   ENTITY          ENTITY,LOCAL                          listings_latest
listing__view__listing__views                                                   view,listing                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,views_source
listing__views                                                                  listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,views_source
listing__views_times_booking_value                                              listing                         METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest,views_source
metric_time__alien_day                                                                                          TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,METRIC_TIME  listings_latest
metric_time__day                                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  METRIC_TIME                           listings_latest
metric_time__extract_day                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,METRIC_TIME                 listings_latest
metric_time__extract_dow                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,METRIC_TIME                 listings_latest
metric_time__extract_doy                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,METRIC_TIME                 listings_latest
metric_time__extract_month                                                                                      TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,METRIC_TIME                 listings_latest
metric_time__extract_quarter                                                                                    TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,METRIC_TIME                 listings_latest
metric_time__extract_year                                                                                       TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,METRIC_TIME                 listings_latest
metric_time__month                                                                                              TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,METRIC_TIME  listings_latest
metric_time__quarter                                                                                            TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,METRIC_TIME  listings_latest
metric_time__week                                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,METRIC_TIME  listings_latest
metric_time__year                                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,METRIC_TIME  listings_latest
user                                                                                                            ENTITY          ENTITY,LOCAL                          listings_latest
user__account__user__current_account_balance_by_user                            account,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         accounts_source,listings_latest
user__account__user__regional_starting_balance_ratios                           account,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         accounts_source,listings_latest
user__account__user__total_account_balance_first_day                            account,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         accounts_source,listings_latest
user__account__user__total_account_balance_first_day_of_month                   account,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         accounts_source,listings_latest
user__active_listings                                                           user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
user__archived_at__alien_day                                                                                    TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_at__day                                                                                          TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_at__extract_day                                                                                  TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_at__extract_dow                                                                                  TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_at__extract_doy                                                                                  TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_at__extract_month                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_at__extract_quarter                                                                              TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_at__extract_year                                                                                 TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_at__hour                                                                                         TIME_DIMENSION  JOINED                                listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_at__month                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_at__quarter                                                                                      TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_at__week                                                                                         TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_at__year                                                                                         TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_users                                                            user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__archived_users_join_to_time_spine                                         user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__alien_day                                                                                   TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__day                                                                                         TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__extract_day                                                                                 TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__extract_dow                                                                                 TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__extract_doy                                                                                 TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__extract_month                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__extract_quarter                                                                             TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__extract_year                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__hour                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__minute                                                                                      TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__month                                                                                       TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__quarter                                                                                     TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__second                                                                                      TIME_DIMENSION  JOINED                                listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__week                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__bio_added_ts__year                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__company                                                                                                   ENTITY          ENTITY,JOINED                         companies,listings_latest
user__company_name                                                                                              DIMENSION       JOINED                                companies,listings_latest
user__created_at__alien_day                                                                                     TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__created_at__day                                                                                           TIME_DIMENSION  JOINED                                listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__created_at__extract_day                                                                                   TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__created_at__extract_dow                                                                                   TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__created_at__extract_doy                                                                                   TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__created_at__extract_month                                                                                 TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__created_at__extract_quarter                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__created_at__extract_year                                                                                  TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__created_at__month                                                                                         TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__created_at__quarter                                                                                       TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__created_at__week                                                                                          TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__created_at__year                                                                                          TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__current_account_balance_by_user                                           user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         accounts_source,listings_latest
user__ds__alien_day                                                                                             TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds__day                                                                                                   TIME_DIMENSION  JOINED                                listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds__extract_day                                                                                           TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds__extract_dow                                                                                           TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds__extract_doy                                                                                           TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds__extract_month                                                                                         TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds__extract_quarter                                                                                       TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds__extract_year                                                                                          TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds__month                                                                                                 TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds__quarter                                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds__week                                                                                                  TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds__year                                                                                                  TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds_latest__alien_day                                                                                      TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_latest
user__ds_latest__day                                                                                            TIME_DIMENSION  JOINED                                listings_latest,users_latest
user__ds_latest__extract_day                                                                                    TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_latest
user__ds_latest__extract_dow                                                                                    TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_latest
user__ds_latest__extract_doy                                                                                    TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_latest
user__ds_latest__extract_month                                                                                  TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_latest
user__ds_latest__extract_quarter                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_latest
user__ds_latest__extract_year                                                                                   TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_latest
user__ds_latest__month                                                                                          TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_latest
user__ds_latest__quarter                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_latest
user__ds_latest__week                                                                                           TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_latest
user__ds_latest__year                                                                                           TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_latest
user__ds_partitioned__alien_day                                                                                 TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds_partitioned__day                                                                                       TIME_DIMENSION  JOINED                                listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds_partitioned__extract_day                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds_partitioned__extract_dow                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds_partitioned__extract_doy                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds_partitioned__extract_month                                                                             TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds_partitioned__extract_quarter                                                                           TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds_partitioned__extract_year                                                                              TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds_partitioned__month                                                                                     TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds_partitioned__quarter                                                                                   TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds_partitioned__week                                                                                      TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__ds_partitioned__year                                                                                      TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__home_state                                                                                                DIMENSION       JOINED                                listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__home_state_latest                                                                                         DIMENSION       JOINED                                listings_latest,users_latest
user__identity_verifications                                                    user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         id_verifications,listings_latest
user__largest_listing                                                           user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
user__last_login_ts__alien_day                                                                                  TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__day                                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__extract_day                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__extract_dow                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__extract_doy                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__extract_month                                                                              TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__extract_quarter                                                                            TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__extract_year                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__hour                                                                                       TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__minute                                                                                     TIME_DIMENSION  JOINED                                listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__month                                                                                      TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__quarter                                                                                    TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__week                                                                                       TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_login_ts__year                                                                                       TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__alien_day                                                                           TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__day                                                                                 TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__extract_day                                                                         TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__extract_dow                                                                         TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__extract_doy                                                                         TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__extract_month                                                                       TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__extract_quarter                                                                     TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__extract_year                                                                        TIME_DIMENSION  DATE_PART,JOINED                      listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__hour                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__millisecond                                                                         TIME_DIMENSION  JOINED                                listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__minute                                                                              TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__month                                                                               TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__quarter                                                                             TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__second                                                                              TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__week                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__last_profile_edit_ts__year                                                                                TIME_DIMENSION  DERIVED_TIME_GRANULARITY,JOINED       listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__listing__user__active_listings                                            listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
user__listing__user__approximate_continuous_booking_value_p99                   listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__approximate_discrete_booking_value_p99                     listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__average_booking_value                                      listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__average_instant_booking_value                              listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__bookers                                                    listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__booking_fees                                               listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__booking_fees_per_booker                                    listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__booking_payments                                           listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__booking_value                                              listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__booking_value_for_non_null_listing_id                      listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__booking_value_p99                                          listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__booking_value_per_view                                     listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest,views_source
user__listing__user__booking_value_sub_instant                                  listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__booking_value_sub_instant_add_10                           listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__bookings                                                   listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__bookings_all_time                                          listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__bookings_fill_nulls_with_0                                 listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__bookings_fill_nulls_with_0_without_time_spine              listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__bookings_join_to_time_spine                                listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__bookings_join_to_time_spine_with_tiered_filters            listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__bookings_per_booker                                        listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__bookings_per_dollar                                        listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__bookings_per_listing                                       listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__bookings_per_lux_listing_derived                           listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__bookings_per_view                                          listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest,views_source
user__listing__user__derived_bookings_0                                         listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__derived_bookings_1                                         listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__derived_shared_alias_1a                                    listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__derived_shared_alias_1b                                    listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__derived_shared_alias_2                                     listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__discrete_booking_value_p99                                 listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__double_counted_delayed_bookings                            listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__instant_booking_fraction_of_max_value                      listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__instant_booking_value                                      listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__instant_booking_value_ratio                                listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__instant_bookings                                           listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__instant_bookings_with_measure_filter                       listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__instant_lux_booking_value_rate                             listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__instant_plus_non_referred_bookings_pct                     listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__largest_listing                                            listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
user__listing__user__listings                                                   listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
user__listing__user__lux_booking_fraction_of_max_value                          listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__lux_booking_value_rate_expr                                listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__lux_listings                                               listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
user__listing__user__max_booking_value                                          listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__median_booking_value                                       listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__min_booking_value                                          listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__nested_fill_nulls_without_time_spine                       listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__non_referred_bookings_pct                                  listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__popular_listing_bookings_per_booker                        listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
user__listing__user__referred_bookings                                          listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__smallest_listing                                           listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
user__listing__user__twice_bookings_fill_nulls_with_0_without_time_spine        listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest
user__listing__user__views                                                      listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,views_source
user__listing__user__views_times_booking_value                                  listing,user                    METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         bookings_source,listings_latest,views_source
user__listings                                                                  user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
user__lux_listings                                                              user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
user__new_users                                                                 user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__popular_listing_bookings_per_booker                                       user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
user__regional_starting_balance_ratios                                          user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         accounts_source,listings_latest
user__revenue                                                                   user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,revenue
user__revenue_all_time                                                          user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,revenue
user__revenue_instance__user__revenue                                           revenue_instance,user           METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,revenue
user__revenue_instance__user__revenue_all_time                                  revenue_instance,user           METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,revenue
user__simple_subdaily_metric_default_day                                        user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__simple_subdaily_metric_default_hour                                       user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__smallest_listing                                                          user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest
user__subdaily_join_to_time_spine_metric                                        user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,users_ds_source
user__total_account_balance_first_day                                           user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         accounts_source,listings_latest
user__total_account_balance_first_day_of_month                                  user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         accounts_source,listings_latest
user__verification__user__identity_verifications                                verification,user               METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         id_verifications,listings_latest
user__view__user__views                                                         view,user                       METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,views_source
user__views                                                                     user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         listings_latest,views_source
user__visit__user__visit_buy_conversion_rate                                    visit,user                      METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         buys_source,listings_latest,visits_source
user__visit__user__visit_buy_conversion_rate_7days                              visit,user                      METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         buys_source,listings_latest,visits_source
user__visit__user__visit_buy_conversion_rate_7days_fill_nulls_with_0            visit,user                      METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         buys_source,listings_latest,visits_source
user__visit__user__visit_buy_conversion_rate_by_session                         visit,user                      METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         buys_source,listings_latest,visits_source
user__visit__user__visit_buy_conversion_rate_with_monthly_conversion            visit,user                      METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         buys_source,listings_latest,visits_source
user__visit__user__visit_buy_conversions                                        visit,user                      METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         buys_source,listings_latest,visits_source
user__visit_buy_conversion_rate                                                 user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         buys_source,listings_latest,visits_source
user__visit_buy_conversion_rate_7days                                           user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         buys_source,listings_latest,visits_source
user__visit_buy_conversion_rate_7days_fill_nulls_with_0                         user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         buys_source,listings_latest,visits_source
user__visit_buy_conversion_rate_by_session                                      user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         buys_source,listings_latest,visits_source
user__visit_buy_conversion_rate_with_monthly_conversion                         user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         buys_source,listings_latest,visits_source
user__visit_buy_conversions                                                     user                            METRIC          JOINED,METRIC                         buys_source,listings_latest,visits_source
